IndexOf method changed again in .NET 6. (#28250)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/globalization/5.0/icu-globalization-api.md

```

- In previous versions of .NET on Windows, the snippet prints `6`.

> - Only in .NET 5 and on Windows 19H1 and later versions, the snippet prints `-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In .NET 5 and on Windows 19H1 and later versions, the snippet prints `-1`.
```

> - In .NET 6 this snippet prints `6`, even though ICU is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In .NET 6 and later versions, the snippet prints `6`, however, ICU libraries are still used.
```
